How can you make money from OpenClaw?
Like, how can you spin up these OpenClaw
instances, these sub agents, these
digital employees that can go out and
make you money while you sleep? Is it
even possible? Well, in today's episode,
I brought on Nick, and he shows a
tactical tutorial for how to spin up
multiple Open Claw machines in a virtual
[music] instance, how you can be
automating tasks on Upwork [music] and
these boring business automations, and
how you can actually make money from
OpenClaw. If this doesn't get your
creative juices [music] flowing for the
future of SAS, how people are going to
make money and how to actually use Open
Claw [music] from not just a cute little
use cases, but actually money-m
uh opportunities, then I don't know
[music] what will. I had such a good
chat with Nick. It got my creative
juices flowing. I think it will yours,
too. And this is, I think, one of Nick's
first podcast. So give him a like and
comment to juice him up because he
shared that sauce. [music]
[music]
>> I couldn't be more excited to have Nick
on the pod. He's one of my go-to people
when I have questions about OpenClaw.
Nick, by the end of this episode, what
are people going to learn? Yeah, people
are going to learn that OpenClaw is more
than just a personal assistant. You can
actually deploy this into businesses.
You could drive actual business
outcomes, generate revenue off of
OpenClaw as an opportunity. Um, and
yeah, we're seeing it on X like people
who are deploying OpenClaw for um kind
of executives or um individuals who are
super busy. uh they're making thousands
of dollars, you know, setting OpenClaw
up, getting it up and running for these
people and managing it for them. So, I
think there's a huge opportunity here
and yeah, just excited to jump in. Cool.
And before we get going, I need you to
make a commitment to me and to the
person listening or watching, which is I
need you not to hold back any sauce. I
don't want to know just about the
opportunity. I want to know how are
people doing it tactically. And by the
end of this episode, what I want is for
people to take away like I want people
to know how they can actually make a
dollar from this. And is that a
commitment, Nick, that you are willing
to make to to us?
>> Absolutely. Absolutely. I I'm not going
to hold back anything. I I'm I've in
fact I think OpenClaw is is a is a tool
that allows us to be able to do the
things that we have always been able to
make money from like automation with AI
but do it even better and I'm going to
show you how to get it all set up so you
can do that and the wedge to get going.
So
>> let's do it.
>> Yeah. So I guess jumping right in as far
as like getting set up with OpenClaw.
You can see here you know this is Orgo.
This is our startup. You don't have to
use Orgo to get started with OpenCloud.
Just full disclaimer, this is what I'm
using. And what I'm going to do is I
have a project here. Uh you can see I
have a couple a couple projects and I
have Greg. I set you up a project. I
hope I hope you uh enjoy your, you know,
five computers. Um, and so you can
imagine, Greg, you, let's say you're a
business owner and you have a busy life,
you know, um, you got all you have the
podcast going on. You have all these
businesses you're running, the agency,
the idea browser, all this stuff, and
and you need you need help automating
some stuff. So, what I'm going to do is
I'm going to come in. I'm Scrappy Nick.
I'm going to come in and I'm going to
help automate some things in your in
your business, in your life, um, you
know, as a busy executive. and I'm going
to get you set up with OpenClaw. So,
when you open up a computer here, you
can see I have it open. This is the the
Clawbot um computer I made for you. If I
actually just type in OpenClaw TUI, this
will open up OpenClaw in the terminal.
And you can see I I actually already
started like, hey, I'm Greg Eisenberg.
And it's all ready to get set up. And
so, actually, what I could do is um I
could invite you to this project. And
then you would be able to do this as
well, like in your terminal, you'd be
able to spin this up and now you're
talking to Open Claw. So, um, super easy
to get set up. Once again, you don't
have to use Orgo. You could use whatever
you want. You could use, I know, uh,
Manis just dropped their, uh, their own
version of like one-click deployment
OpenClaw. Um, also, Kimmy launched their
version as well. X is down right now, so
we can't actually pull it up on Twitter
or anything, but, uh, Kimmy launched
their version. And so, uh, there's all
these options as far as getting started.
You could use a Mac Mini, whatever. So,
the key here, Greg, with OpenClaw and
actually creating money from it is to
have the wedge to know what is the
specific use case in a person's business
that we're going to automate like first
because for when when you see open call
on Twitter, it's very much a personal
assistant. It's exciting. It's fun. But
all the demos that go viral, including
me, I get it. I I'm I'm guilty of this,
too. All the all the demos that go viral
are a little bit, you know, kind of
toyish. They're a little flashy, but the
the real power is in finding the thing
that actually, you know, drives business
outcomes, saves time for a business,
finding that and and building the
automation around that. So, I have
something running here. This is my open
claw doing looking up products for uh a
business that I uh deployed for this is
a a promotional distributorship.
And what this is doing is it's looking
up products and actually downloading all
the product information and then like
parsing all that information. There's
all these reports it needs to download
and then uploading that into a Zoho CRM.
um so it can essentially you know create
a central source of truth for this
client. So this is a perfect example
here of like actually creating a agent
you that openclaw deploys to be able to
automate something end to end. Um so
just just to recap are we all good so
far?
>> Yeah so a few things I I just want to
talk about. So one thing is when you
showed you know that orgo screen you did
you had like five machines running. So
what's interesting is you know I've got
my Mac Mini going you know I've got one
instance so using something like this is
cool um because you can have multiple
instances going right and you can see
them all in one screen in one view. So
that's really cool that that was sort of
an aha moment for me.
>> Yeah absolutely. Yeah, it's like
everyone, you know, as far as where you
deploy your your main open claw, you can
see here I like I starred the main one.
>> Uh, and so that's like you could have
that wherever. But what people don't
realize is openclaw can spawn sub agents
>> and I think this is going to be huge for
people who start like right right now
we're at the phase of having one open
claw. It's going to happen quickly.
you're already seeing on it on Twitter
memes about like, oh, what if you have
a, you know, 10 Mac minis or all the Mac
Studios are being bought out. So, this
is happening fast where you're going to
want 10 open claws, you know, 100 open
claws. Right now, you could have one
open claw and just have it spawn up to,
I think, eight sub aents and each sub
aent could have its own computer. And
you could do this like this is why this
is like kind of where orgo shines is you
could spin up multiple computers for,
you know, each individual sub agent of
your open claw. And in this case here, I
had it looking on Upwork for actual
things that we could automate with
OpenClaw. This is like a little hack
here as far as like, well, I want to
make money with OpenClaw. Well, uh, oh,
I don't know any any business that I
could reach out to that could automate
stuff for. A great place to start is
Upwork because there's jobs on Upwork
that are literally posted. They're
they're asking you. They're like, "I
want to pay 500, a,000, 1,500, 3,000,
$20,000 for this AI workflow, and you
can I spawned sub, it went viral on
Twitter. I spawned sub agents to go find
all these jobs and then build out little
demos for each of them, and and then we
picked the best one, and okay, let's
let's apply for that proposal with
that." So, that's a little tidbit there
on on Upwork and all of that.
So, which is which is kind of hilarious
because I mean Upwork,
you know, is designed for human beings
to complete work, right? It's not
designed for machines, let alone
multiple machines to complete work. Um,
but I mean, as long as the the quality
of work is good, um, you know, customers
going to be happy, right?
>> Yeah. And I think like it's good to, you
know, it's good to treat it as a as a
starting point. like you know if you can
save time preparing a proposal for a job
on Upwork it's like um what is that
worth you know and if you could do just
a 100x volume uh what is that worth so
there's a couple things on that of like
the parallelization of work with
openclaw so there's like could you have
10 open claws working on a given task
and it breaks up that tasks into 10
subtasks and so each open claw does one
of those subtasks that's one way of
having parallelization but Another way
is to have 10 open claws working on the
same task uh just 10 different instances
of it. And that was kind of like what I
was doing here. It's you know four
different instances of the one open claw
that you know or four different open
claws doing the same thing of looking up
different jobs on Upwork that they could
apply to. So that's kind of an
interesting topic there. Um
but yeah, so like as far as OpenCloud
goes, it's it's it's uh a huge
opportunity. I just want to like throw
this in here. Andre and Horowitz talks
about computer use agents. I view open
claw as a computer use agent. You know,
you're giving an agent a computer and
it's able to do it's able to use that
computer. It's like it's a computer use
agent. But that's half the story. The
other half of the story is for it to be
able to like click around actually
operate a graphical user interface on
like le legacy softwares and systems.
And so um you can imagine like you know
in here this this automation I built
this is navigating a legacy platform for
this client that doesn't have any clean
APIs and it's able to click in download
reports and actually you know be the
universal API uh to be able to solve
problems that you couldn't previously
solve without computer use agents. So I
think there's a huge opportunity here
and and Horwitz they talk about it and
they say we believe that the properly uh
to properly verticalize computer use
agents and assist companies in adopting
it will be a major area of exploration
for startups and [snorts] this is like
this to me this screams openclaw you
know can you create a vertical use case
for openclaw for a business and actually
assist that company in adopting it I
think that's that's the huge opportunity
here um
So, going back to this like workspace we
have set up for you. Um, you know, with
with with all the people setting up
OpenClaw, you could set it up as easy
as, you know, I invite Greg to this
workspace. I create him a new computer.
We could just do it now.
>> OpenClaw 2.
I select how much RAM. Let's do let's do
eight gigs. Launch that. [snorts]
Open that up. And then all we need now
to get you set up is to get the um let
me get the the curl command for open
claw. I copy that from their website and
then as this computer loads
we'll be able to then literally just
paste it into the terminal
and once I see the interface pop up
boom. Okay. So now I'm going to hit
enter
and now we're off to the races
installing open claw. So like it's as
easy as that. And I think there's this
is this in and of itself as like a
workspace where you can invite people
and get them set up with openclaw or
clawed code. I think this is like a huge
a huge opportunity as well of like just
there are executives right now that are
like reaching out to me like law firms,
insurance companies, they're like can
you can I just like pay you to teach me
how to use this stuff? So like that
that's its own whole thing as well as
far as like if you're savvy enough to
even know how to install open claw and
get it set up in the first place. Um
[snorts] I just think there's a huge
opportunity around like just helping
executives businesses adopt it. Um so
yeah you can see it's as easy as this to
get set up.
And then as far as like what specific
things can we can we automate with
OpenClaw
there's a couple it takes a little bit
of a designs thinking approach. So when
you go into a business let's say you
find a project on Upwork and you want to
you want to automate that with open
call. Let's say you go into a business
and you're talking to the executive the
decision maker and it's clear that they
have things that need to be automated.
Well, as far as like design thinking
goes, like you need to have a a clear
way of like first mapping like all the
different possibilities. You can see
here, this is something I did in the
past of like there's all these different
things that you could automate and you
want to map them off two very simple
metrics. What is the value that we can
create by automating this thing and
what's the relative effort, cost and
time? And so we ultimately want to start
with, okay, we want to automate things
with Open Claw that are high value and
low effort, cost, and time. And that's
like your your lowhanging fruit. Um, and
so you start there. And so like for for
this client, this was like that this was
that this was like, okay, we're looking
up products on this website. We're
downloading them. We're parsing all the
information. Uh, that's the lowhanging
fruit. So start with the design thinking
approach of like okay simplest fastest
to deploy and then you need to map out
like
the systems design around how like how
is this thing going to be automated
right so for this for this client she's
like okay I send an email to a to a
client of hers right she sends an email
to a client and she has a presentation
link with all these products okay and
and all those products she needs to look
all of them up and get all the
information on them and then upload them
into Zoho. So then your next step after
identifying the opportunity is to
literally like map this out. I use
Figma, you can use whatever, but map out
the the actual workflow process of like
okay step one, step two, step three.
What is this automation going to look
like tiptoail so that we can do the
whole thing? Um because with open cloud
computer use now is now you can do that
you can do you could do things from tip
to tail. It's not like um you know it
used to be where you'd have to like go
into a website and click a button and
then it'd be able to do some 50% of the
whole thing but then you'd have to copy
that and paste that somewhere else and
do it on your own. Like we can do it
tiptoail. Um,
so quick recap,
install open claw into a computer,
identify the next, identify the the
lowhanging fruit opportunities, the
highest value opportunities, and then
begin to map out what that even looks
like to begin with. Couldn't you, you
know, sort of, this is meta, but
couldn't you use Open Claw to actually
do some of the
priorit prioritization on the auto
automations and actually, I mean, you as
a human being did the Figma, but
couldn't you actually just use the open
claw or cloud code or something like
that to to help you with that? So, for
example, like if you go back to the the
Figma
>> Mhm.
Like
you could walk into a business and
basically say, "Hey, I want to figure
out uh what we could automate here and
you do customer interviews with
different people on the team. You record
those customer interviews. You get the
transcripts. You upload the transcripts
and then you say, "Hey, based on that,
then you're like, you can actually say,
you know, you give this as a reference
image." basically say like, "Hey, I want
to figure out which which automation
opportunities have the highest amount of
value, lowest amount of effort, cost,
and time. Give me the top three and then
create, you know, Figma." And I think
there's like a Figma MCP even uh that
you can use and you can say like, "Hey,
like can you map this thing out based on
these customer transcripts?" Does that
make does that make sense or am I
>> Oh, absolutely. Yeah.
>> No, that's that's that's the way to do
it. Like I whenever I do any kind of
call with a client or like potential
customer, oh my gosh, Gemini for uh for
Google Meet is amazing. you have it take
take all the notes and then actually
that's that's how I even got because I
don't know about I don't know about you
Greg but sometimes when you're in these
calls you kind of for you you know this
this this industry you know you're in a
new industry you're helping this
customer you don't understand their
domain expertise the lingo and so you
got to go back and and like okay like
what what was it that they said and so
have the granola or Gemini notes or
whatever and then literally ask it to
like okay what's the stepby-step
workflow and then map it out it just
helps me to map it out visually. Uh but
you could literally ask it, yeah, like
you said, um based on this transcript,
what is the the automation workflow look
like? You know, step by step.
>> And if you don't want to use, you know,
Figma, you can also even say uh you
know, do output in mermaid
uh code and then you can use the mermaid
code and insert that into an Excala draw
or a TL draw or something like that. So
uh a little pro tip there.
>> Nice. Nice. Yeah. Yeah. And the Yeah.
And the Figma MCP is pretty cool, too.
Yeah. Definitely check that out. So,
>> yeah. So, then once you figure out what
the workflow is, right? Um this is where
like you have to actually
um be able to know okay how much how
much can I really ask like how much can
I just say like to openclaw right now
hey like build this like hey build this
thing and you just describe the workflow
versus genuinely using something like
cloud code to build out like what that
workflow would look like with you know
Python APIs a genuine automation
pipeline and process
that your open claw can actually just
trigger upon um whenever it's like
contextually relevant. So for instance,
this this whole pipeline here of like
going to these websites, looking at this
product information, downloading the
information, parsing it, uploading it to
Zoho, the trigger of all of that is uh
you know the open claw being CCD in an
email and it seeing that email it has a
link that is relevant for this type of
workflow to be triggered. So that that
is like the thing that's like the
listening event that open clock can do
with like a cron job that it sets up to
just like okay listen for this trigger
and then once that trigger starts it can
then activate the whole Python script
workflow automation everything that you
would need downstream of that. So you're
not relying too much on open claw's like
um abilities in and of itself. you're
more of so creating specialized AI
workers under each uh underneath the
open claw that it can call individually
if that makes sense.
>> You know, you talked earlier about sub
agents. I think a lot of people are
confused about what is a sub agent
versus a task and stuff like that. Can
you just clearly explain that?
>> Yeah. Um so sub sub aents are um I I I
there's a couple ways to view them,
right? So like in the context of cuz
there and the reason I say there's a
couple ways to view them is because
there's a couple ways of using them. So
in the context of like open claw you can
ask it to spin up five research sub
aents that all go and research some
given task and and like and you know
like I said earlier you could you could
have it parallelize that task across you
know splitting it up across each sub
agent or having each sub aent actually
go and do the same task you know across
five different instances. But the next
thing around sub aents is that you can
actually like you said um maybe think of
them in terms of skills. So if you're
familiar with anthropic skills um you
can have like these specialized
instructions and rules along with actual
code that you can provide to your agent
for it to be able to go and do a given
task. And this is really nice um because
it, you know, it gives you a very more
per uh a very more powerful general
purpose agent that can do many of your
specific nuance tasks um across various
domains. But the thing is is like I want
my general agent to be freed up and uh
to more so just be the orchestrator. And
what if the the general agent this one
right the the one I have start here can
just call a sub agent like worker number
four here to do a given skill that you
have created. So if your skill is that
it goes on Twitter and finds the most
viral ideas and it bookmarks them. Um
rather than having your main agent do
that and now you can't talk to your main
agent for the next 20 minutes because
it's working on that. Can it call that
skill into a sub agent and have the sub
agent do that? That I think is where
things get really interesting and and in
terms of the context of like deploying
open clause for businesses. I would
think of everything that you have in
terms of an AI automation opportunity
around workflows, skills, tasks, etc. I
would actually just create that as its
own like specific sub agent with its own
skill that that your open call could
then call if that does that make sense?
>> It does. It does.
>> Nice. Um it's it's you know I think the
basic idea is like you know in layman's
terms it's
as soon as you have your
um your open claw instance you know do
something they're busy you know it's
like they got to they've got a a mug of
hot coffee and so you and your your job
is you want to leverage this as much as
possible. you don't want, you know, your
agent to hold a a hot coffee. So, if if
you ask it to do to move this desk into
this area, you know, it it says, "No,
I'm holding a a cup of hot coffee. I
can't do that." So, what sub agents do
is it basically creates leverage
for your open claw and it basically says
like, "Okay, I'm you're going to create
a set of sub agents who are going to be
good at XYZ thing." And that way it
frees up your your main agent to to you
know as you say orchestrate to basically
be the manager of the sub agents. Uh and
you know what that could mean is uh like
looking at um quality of work. It can
mean uh checking for certain things and
stuff like that.
>> Exactly. Exactly. I think that's going
to be huge. You know, when when you
start working with these businesses and
and customers who want things to be
automated
once you show them what's possible,
their eyes light up. They get all these
ideas themselves. These are high agency
people, you know, they they come up with
creative ideas that they want to start
implementing and and then what you
realize is there's just a a huge a huge
list of things that can be automated and
they're excited about that. And and so
actually like the the ability to okay
first solve a vertical specific workflow
for for a customer and then that opening
up their mind and then them being like
oh I wonder if I could could I text this
thing and it does this. This is kind of
where like the whole open claw moment um
is really powerful. It's like it's it's
the it's the it's the assistant like
capability. It's the you know I have it
I have it here. It's like what a lot of
people might get confused about. Why is
it that open call is so special? It's
it's the ability that that it has its
own computer. It's running 24/7. You can
text it and you can schedule tasks and
really if if we just removed OpenClaw
from this card here and you just called
this a really good employee, it it would
just make sense be like, "Oh, works 247,
can code, can schedule tasks, I can text
it, and they have their own computer."
Um, so I think that's like kind of why
Open Claw is exciting for a lot of
people. And if it's not, you know, if
some people think it's it's overhyped,
you have to kind of look at the whole
picture, I think, and and then you're
able to really gauge it.
>> So I I'm certainly bought in on this on
this idea that, you know, it potentially
it could be be a really good employee. I
think there's also cases where people
aren't setting up their open claw in the
right way where it ends up being a bad
employee. Um, and I think, you know,
that's sort of like the the issue with
that is, you know, sometimes you have a
bad employee because the manager, the
coach essentially is is not doing a good
job at giving the right context at the
right time. So I think you know do you
have any tips and tricks around um
besides spinning up sub aents like how
how could people listening to this if
they want to go after this opportunity
of um essentially verticalize you know
open clause uh and automating some of
these flows. How could people actually
you know take their open claw from a bad
employee to a good employee? Yeah, I
think it comes down to let's maybe we
should walk through. So I know you have
I was actually looking at this. So idea
browser. So for everyone if you don't
know Greg has this amazing product idea
browser and I love this trend to this
idea today Tik Tok trend tool that
catches viral waves before they peak. So
I was actually looking at this this
morning. I was like, "Wow, this is
actually something that you can maybe
turn into a skill for an open claw to
create a specialized skill around this."
So, let's just do a live. Let's see. I I
genuinely don't know how far can we get.
Can we build this out now? Let's see if
I copy all of that. And now I'm here in
the open claw that that we set up for
you. And you can see it just got set up.
It's it I just told it, hey, I'm Greg
Eisenberg. So, we're getting started.
That's it. And let's just say I want to
build a um a a specialized skill to be
able to do the following. And I'm just
going to paste that entire um idea
browser idea. And I'm going to ask it as
far as like creating these automations,
creating workflows, or doing anything
with OpenClaw, my number one tip is
always ask it to ask you questions. So,
what do you need from me
um to be able to build this out? Um
let's create a plan. And so, a lot of
people need to remember OpenClaw is like
a almost a little bit of a wrapper
around like clawed code in a way. Um so,
let's see. Okay, cool. This is a big
vision, Greg. I like it. Let's break
down um a realistic build as an openclaw
skill.
So now it's saying okay I need data
access
I need the scope I need the niche focus
um that'll shape what we build a lean
skill so the first thing that we can
maybe do is
here in like orgo we have this
playground mode and you can ask the
playground agent here to do things in
this computer in this this computer
environment. Um, so one thing I might
test first is like can we get can we get
this agent to even just spin up Tik Tok
and just scroll Tik Tok and identify
what is on the for you page of Tik Tok.
So let's like maybe start there. Does
that sound good?
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> Let's do that. Open Firefox.
Go to Tik Tok.
Scroll. I'm gonna say scroll Tik Tok
looking [snorts] for what the most
common videos are on the for you page.
Give me a summary. So, let's see how
it's able to do this.
So, this is using our our playground
mode
and
boom, opens up Firefox.
It's going to go to Tik Tok. And for
those listening, I'm just gonna talk
through a little bit about what this
agent in our our playground is doing.
It's it's visually interacting with the
screen. It's, you know, clicking into
Firefox. It's opening up the browser.
Now, it's typing in tik tok.com.
It's going there.
And
let's see.
This is always such a magical experience
just watching a computer navigate the
web like a human being.
>> It's amazing. You know, this is Yeah,
there it goes. Uh it's on it's on the
it's on the homepage.
And now it's going to it's going to
actually scroll TikTok. It's going to
probably take a screenshot of this. Get
the context of based off that screenshot
of what the video is about. You could
even see it. It has hashtags movie
hashtag for you page. So, it's going to
be able to infer a lot of things. Boom.
It scrolls. It scrolls. It gets a popup.
It's going to close out the popup. Um,
but on your point, Greg, Dario Amade,
the CEO of Anthropic, he just had a
podcast with Doresh, and it came out a
couple days ago. And you know what's
really interesting what he said in that
in that um in that podcast? He said
>> he said this idea of his around this
data center full of brilliant um you
know scientists and uh Nobel prize
winners essentially his concept of what
AGI will be like. He says, "The
constraint to getting there is computer
use agents. The ability to have an AI
that can operate a computer like you and
I can, but better. You know, interact
with the visual interface, also be able
to do things under the hood, kind of
like cloud code." Um, this is the
constraint he said. And
I mean, it makes perfect sense. If if it
can do anything that you and I can do on
a computer, that seems like it can go
pretty far. Um, openclaw is like a chat
GBT moment, I think, for for this kind
of idea of computer use. And and and as
far as like building these computer use
agents out, you can see this is this is
clearly working. So, we know this is
possible. Um, you can build a lot of
people might get confused with Orgo when
they come to our site. They see
computers for agents. They're like, what
does that mean? Well, I think they get
it now. It's like okay you want your
cloudbot to have its own computer but
also we provide and I'll show this we
provide the doc in our docs like we're
actually provide the programmatic APIs
so that you can create custom computer
use agents that um do a given task very
well. So you can bring any model. You
can get Kimmy 2.5 is like the super
cheap um you know Chinese model. It's
very good at computer use and you can
give it the ability to click, drag,
scroll, type in the keyboard, spin up a
computer. Um and you could create
specialized really fast, performant,
lowcost computer use agents um using our
docs. And I just say that to say like as
far as you know this this thing that
we're doing here creating a skill around
scrolling Tik Tok. Um I think that's how
we can we can actually give it a shot is
let's just we see this is working now.
Let me just grab the ordocs and let's
start building this skill out. If you
didn't see here I'm at the Ordo docs. I
click this thing called llms full.txt.
This is like all the instructions for
the LLM to be able to build on top of
Orgo.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to
wait for I have to probably I'm going to
wait for this to finish this its task
and then I'll be able to tell it. Um but
[snorts] while this goes, Greg, you have
any thoughts? Um, well, just, you know,
sort of a thing I was thinking about is
it sounds like when whenever you're
trying to,
you know, do a new automation, you start
by thinking about what is a lightweight
skill that I should create. Is that
correct?
>> Right. Exactly. What's the MVP?
>> Yeah. So, you start with like a
lightweight skill. Um, you test it and
then from there you're probably like,
"Okay, here's what went wrong. here is
what could be better that sort of thing
>> right exactly just fine-tuning you know
debug like I think the design thinking
process around all of this is super
important of like okay if I want to
build a car maybe the first thing I do
isn't to build the frame of the car or
you know to build um you know the whole
body of the car that's not the first the
first thing I should do if I want to
build a car. Well, why do I want to
build a car? Well, I want to build a car
to go from point A to point B. Oh, okay.
So, really, maybe I should start by
building a skateboard.
How can we accomplish the task to get
the get the dream out the dream outcome?
And um and sometimes that means like
starting with something that's
completely different than the end state.
Um so, this is done here. I think it
interrupted itself. probably a context
thing. But now we can actually what we
can do. This is all live. So we're
you're seeing this in real time. You
[snorts] can literally there's a couple
ways to go about this. You can actually
install cloud code into this computer
and have it build out uh the automation
in here or we can just ask this agent to
do it for us. So let's see. Um I want to
build a computer use agent
that does this exact thing.
uh but more programmatically
using the Orgo API docs
and I paste that here. What do we need
to get started and we send that off? All
right, here we go. So, we need an Orgo
API key. Here's the architecture of what
we'll build.
Okay, this looks good.
Um orgo [clears throat] key, anthropic
key. It has all the code here.
Cool. Um, you're looking at a Tik Tok
video. Extract the username, video
description, the category, the
appropriate like count. Boom, boom,
boom. Okay, cool. So, [snorts] I have
all these things already. And don't
worry, I'm going to delete these keys.
So, I'm not worried about leaking or
anything. I'm going to copy my Orgo API
key. I'm going to paste it in there. And
I'm going to say
Orgo API key. I also have my enthropic
key. Let me grab that. I'm going to
paste that here. Can we build this out?
And so now we're going to have our our
playground mode build out this computer
use agent to be able to go do this thing
that we just tested out. We know it
works. We know we can do it. Let's turn
it into something that could be more
programmatic, kind of like a skill. And
let's give it to Claudebot so it always
has access to it.
>> The dream.
It's literally any idea you have, you
can just build it.
>> And that's sort of the arbitrage
opportunity, right? Especially like in
our world, of course, like we're so used
to this now. Uh even though it's only
been like two months. Uh but you know
the opportunity is the vast majority of
people on this planet and businesses
would love to have better automation and
would love to,
you know, have computer use agents
working for them aka really good
employees working for them. Um but they
don't know how. And so I think which is
which is cool that you're like you're
showing us like some of the best
practices on on how to do it.
>> Exactly. didn't.
>> And I think this is also like I I can
imagine, you know, the the whole
audience of this podcast, we're all
pretty techsavvy. We know how to do
things like vibe code and and and you
know, play around with cloud code and be
able to do these things and we take it
for granted in terms of what that value
is worth.
>> Um,
>> as far as like OpenClaw and the
opportunity around that, I mean,
OpenClaw started going viral on Twitter
around two to three weeks ago. only now
is it starting am I'm starting to see
it's starting to go viral on Tik Tok a
little more mainstream. So um
yeah I I just mean you know people are
catching on and a lot of people still
need help with getting you know up and
running on this type of stuff and what
you might think is oh I mean I have a
basic understanding of open cloud and
cloudbot and cloud code uh and you might
under underwrite that. a lot of people
find that valuable. So, being able to
help businesses adopt it or just people
in general, I think it's super good
opportunity. Um,
>> yeah, I think my only advice for people
would be to
f focus like don't be everything to
everyone. Like
don't don't help any every business.
help real estate agents, for example, or
like pick a vertical that maybe you have
some unfair advantage for some
particular reason. And that unfair
advantage doesn't necessarily mean you
have 20 years of experience. It might
mean just that you know you want to
build something for uh real estate
agents cuz your mom was a real uh a real
estate agent. So you you know you know
the customer, right? Um so I think
that's that's the way to do to do this.
Absolutely. Yeah, it's it's um whatever
you know that's your advantage. And I
mean I guess as far as like some maybe
this doesn't apply to everyone.
Obviously if you're in this industry
then go for it. But like you know
probably things to avoid things that are
have a lot of like red tape like
healthcare, finance, you know I
recommend maybe start in something.
>> Yeah. like you said um you know you
could do even manufacturing or or uh
there's a lot of distributorships out
there who you know they distribute uh
merchandise um just like the the demo I
was showing earlier of that computer use
a agent working um so yeah I I think as
far as you know doing doing what you
know and starting there and then the
market will tell you you know the market
will pull you into specific verticals
you'll start seeing ways that as you
build these spec this is a Great point.
As you build out these specific
workflows around these verticals of like
let's say you do, you know, let's say
you do the manufacturing thing and you
do manufacturing for doors. Um over time
you're going to have a workflow for
almost like every kind of thing you
could imagine in that industry. And if
you have the agents all built out, can
you imagine you have a workspace and you
invite uh you know some some new company
into this workspace that uh for for
automations, for manufacturing, for
doors, like luxury doors and you invite
them and they have all these AI
employees in the workspace in Orgo set
up ready to go. You just see them all
here and they're all ready to go. It's
like you feel like you just hired not a
person but a team. Um, I think that's
that's that's a very near future. In
fact, I don't think there's anything
stopping us from having that right now.
It's all about just, you know, who's
going to go out there and and put in the
work to actually do that. And if you do,
I think it's I mean, it's it's pretty
clear.
>> Yeah. I mean, and that's that's why I
truly believe that, you know, agents are
the new SAS, like you know what I mean?
So, yes, I agree with the like the
vision you painted. I think that, you
know, in the past, you know, we created
software that we would sell to these
businesses and then they would have
people actually,
you know, press the buttons, touch the
knobs to to make it useful. Now, you
don't you're not going to create
software and invite them to the
software. You're going to create agents
and you're going to invite them to the
agents and then the agents are going to
do work that creates value for these
companies. So that's the mindset shift
and
you know it's it's only recently
actually that people have been you know
I think over the last like two weeks I
would say 2 3 weeks that people have
been like
on X talking about this um h how agents
are the new SAS but I I do think that um
like over you're going to see over the
next two to three months like some
really big winners um and you're going
to start to see it work. So, I'm excited
for people listening because I think
that um this is the a type of audience
that will act on some of this stuff and
it'll be interesting to see what what
happens.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I I I think it was it was it
Sam Alman that just said, you know,
every company is turning into an API
company.
>> Yeah. And that's interesting because
interfaces are in a sense dying in that
way of like you know you won't interact
like the ultimate interface for whatever
reason seems to be chat and text message
and it's happened twice now of like okay
the chat GPT moment was a chat box and
now it's the openclaw moment which is
like a text message or telegram so it's
like okay chat has happened twice um and
that just means okay so we just want to
wait for our agent to be able to use all
the tools that we use and we don't
really care about how it does it. It
just needs to be able to do it and and
it runs in in the background um and does
it under the hood. Um
so here, okay, I started uh I built you
can see that this agent in the
playground built out the Tik Tok
agent.py
inside the computer. So now I asked
OpenClaw, hey um I built a Tik Tok
agent.py in your desktop. Can you take a
look? And it's re it says, "Okay, I've
read it. Here's what I see. Uh there's a
skeleton for, you know, using Orgo um
plus uh Anthropics API."
Go ahead, Greg.
>> No, you keep going.
>> And and it was and it was um you know,
all all the actual Tik Tok logic, uh
trend detection, all this stuff. Um it's
like, okay, maybe we should build that
out.
>> And it's like, oh, you got the API keys
hardcoded, etc., etc. So, let's just say
Let's use this script build on top of it
or whatever you need to do
and let's spin up a orgo VM inside of
the Greg Eisenberg workspace
to accomplish this um automation with
Tik Tok.
Let's demo it just working.
We can spawn
a
uh sub aent and VM in this workspace.
And let me just give it a API key just
in case it needs that.
What really blows my mind about this
whole thing is that,
you know, I was going to say we we're
we're building a business in a very
short amount of time, but it's really
like we're building an asset. like the
amount of assets that people are going
to be be building
um using tools like this is is going to
be crazy, right?
>> It's insane. Honestly, it comes down to
like honestly like it comes down to
taste now. Good ideas. Um [laughter]
cuz like if you have a good idea, it
could just build it and yeah there's
there's going to be like oh my goodness
what's going to happen with all of these
assets like you said that people are
just going to build and build and build.
There's going to be so many assets. I
think is this what is this what we mean
when we talk about the um the abundance
that AI will bring you know of solving
all these problems?
>> Yeah. Well, I think what ends up
happening is,
you know, unfortunately, there are going
to be more and more layoffs as AI helps
with productivity. At the same time, I
think there's going to be a
renaissance, the golden age of
entrepreneurship and people creating
assets, products like this, oneperson
businesses, and
uh that's how I see it playing out.
>> Yeah. even even maybe may we don't know
officially but maybe it's already
happened with Peter Steinberger the
creator of openclaw you know he he just
um officially announced he's joining
open AAI
>> like I think it was just him who built
Open Claw how much did he get you know
aqua hired for I think it was a lot
>> um
>> so that's that's I mean that's that's
cool I think this is the best time to be
a builder tinkerer to get creative
Um, I I'm excited to see what people
build with Open Claw and computer use
agents in general of like
there's so many things, you know,
whether it's a a super fast chess
computer use agent or if it's something
that's genuinely driving an outcome in
your business. Like I just think there's
so many things that can be built. Um,
playing around with these tools, getting
familiar, learning how to how to
leverage them. Yes, AI is going to be
replacing a lot of jobs, but also it's
going to enable a lot of people to do
things, you know, that they've never
been able to build before, and now they
can do it. So, um,
yeah, I'm I'm just Oh, here it is. Okay,
so you can see
>> it spun up this computer, Tik Tok Trend
Hunter, and my screen's just refreshing.
Uh, let me just click into it
and and I could just tab back and forth
a little bit to see. Okay, VM is up.
It's opening Firefox. Let me wait for
the agent loop to start. Here we go. So,
it's spun up its own computer. This is
insane, Greg. It's spun up its own
computer.
OpenClaw did. And now it's it's using
its own Python script that it just made
just now. We took it from idea browser.
And now it's going to go do this thing.
[laughter]
um that we just built out. I don't know
how long this took. Last like 10 minutes
kind of just, you know, in between we're
talking, having our coffee. It's like
[laughter]
this is insane. I don't know. It kind of
It makes me It gets me giddy. It's like
[laughter and gasps]
uh and it's going to figure this out.
It's like, you know, it's going to debug
like, okay, what's going on? Why am I on
the ads.tiktock.com? Let me reroute
myself. I'm sure it's going to figure
all this out. Uh, but it's just cooking,
you know.
>> Crazy, dude.
Crazy. Anything else you want to cover
before we head out?
Yeah, I think um as far as other things
to cover, I mean
I I just want people to start thinking
about these tools, you know, yes,
they're they're once again they're great
personal assistance, but if you start
thinking of OpenClaw as an NAN or
[clears throat] you start thinking of it
as um you know, like a Lindy AI of like
you know people there are real
businesses right now like we can go to
Upwork right now and find jobs that are
being posted around, you know, things
like this. This is what you do. You just
go to Upwork. Upwork's great because you
get to see what the market's asking for
and you just type in uh robotic process
automation. you know, this old outdated
way of of programmatically automating
tasks that is like clunky and it breaks
and it's not intelligent. If the button
isn't in the exact UI space that you
just delegated it to, it won't work. And
you go here, look, posted yesterday,
Android RPA automation posted yesterday,
automation pipeline for client upload.
You go here. You could just do let's
let's find $500, $1,000, $5,000. Let's
look at all these projects. Okay, this
one. Boom. Right here. Um $1,000 budget.
I'm looking for experienced automation
engineer to build desktop automation
computer use uh for my software
business. We sell a specialized dynamic
PDF. You take all this context, give it
to open cloud, give it to Claude code.
How much of it can you build out as a
demo based off of this context alone?
Send a proposal. You have your first
customer right here, $1,000.
Um, get get some case studies, leverage
that. Maybe go deeper into this industry
that this person's in. Start building
out specialized workflows using cloudbot
open claw for all the different vertical
use cases in that. Create a workspace of
it. Um, I think that's where we're at
right now and I'm excited by this. So,
um, yeah, I I guess we'll just see where
it goes. And yeah, okay, this needs a
little debugging as to be expected. We
spent 10 minutes on it, but I think you
get the gist. Um, and yeah, I'm excited
to see what everyone builds.
>> From your lips to God's ears, baby. I
I'm
I think your approach makes complete
sense. Um, it's the exact approach I
would use. Totally recommend it. people,
get your hands dirty, get tinkering. I'm
excited for what you build. Um, Nick
doesn't do a lot of podcasts. Um, I
think I was only able to find him do one
live stream before. So, show him some
love in the comment section. Uh, like
the video. Um, show him some love and,
um, Nick, I hope you come back on. Uh,
share more use cases. I'm going to be
sharing more use cases that I'm using
that my you know I haven't done uh too
many publicly but I'm going to be
sharing more of my use cases both on
virtual machines and on my own Mac Mini
uh for my open claw stuff. So get ready
for that folks. And uh Nick wait is
there anything is there is there
anything else before before we go that
you want that you want to share? I just
want to share with you, Greg. You don't
know this, but I've been a longtime
follower.
>> This is my YouTube Rewind 2025 top.5%.
So, if you're watching this and you love
Greg's podcast, you love his videos, you
you get building on top of it, you put
cool stuff out there, you know, you join
your you join your top YouTube channel
on your on your re your rewind of the
year.
>> I love it. I love it. Nick, you're a
legend. You got to come back on. You're
one of us. You're one of us. So, uh,
appreciate I appreciate that. Thank you,
Greg. Thank you for having me.